Privacy Policy for [ClockSlayer]
Effective date: September 24, 2025
[ClockSlayer] ("us", "we", or "our") operates the following mobile applications: [Oh Snap, Oh Shit, Insult Lottery, Fast Tap, Cat Sounds, Annoying to be unpublished Cat Sounds to be unpublished Fast Tap to be unpublished To Be Unpublished demo 701 Oh Snap - to be unpublished Random Number to unpublished Tap count To be unpublished Text To Speech VibrateR Annoying Sounds, Vibrate R, Text To Speech, To Be Unpublished demo 701, Random Number to unpublished, Random Number, ] (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We do not personally collect any personally identifiable information from you. However, our apps use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, it may require you to provide certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.1

The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify yo2u. Below are links to the privacy policies of the third-party service providers used by the app:

Google Play Services: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Google AdMob: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app, we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. This data is collected for analytics and to improve the stability of our Service.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to take the necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at [ClockSlayerApps@gmail.com].
